The httpdbg executables and source code are distributed under the MIT license,
which is similar in effect to the BSD license. (This license is Open Source
certified and complies with the Debian Free Software Guidelines.)

The precise license text, as given in the file LICENSE in the source
distribution, is as follows:

httpdbg is copyright 2000-2006 Stefan Reitshamer.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL SIMON TATHAM BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

In particular, anybody (even companies) can use httpdbg without restriction
(even for commercial purposes) and owe nothing to me or anybody else. Also,
apart from having to maintain the copyright notice and the license text in
derivative products, anybody (even companies) can adapt the httpdbg source code
into their own programs and products (even commercial products) and owe nothing
to me or anybody else. And, of course, there is no warranty and if httpdbg
causes you damage you're on your own, so don't use it if you're unhappy with
that.

In particular, note that the MIT license is compatible with the GNU GPL. So if
you want to incorporate httpdbg or pieces of httpdbg into a GPL program, there's
no problem with that.
